#### Spring - Bean Definition

- The objects that form the backbone of your application and that are managed by the Spring IoC container are called **beans**.  
- Each bean represents a class. 
- We then create objects of that class by accessing those beans. 
- These beans are created with the configuration metadata that you supply to the container.
- For example, in the form of XML <bean/> definitions which you have already seen previously. Bean definition contains the information called
  configuration metadata, which is needed for the container to know the following -
* How to create a bean
* Bean's lifecycle details
* Bean's dependencies


- All the above configuration metadata translates into a set of the following properties that make up each bean definition: 

##### class 
- This attribute is mandatory and specifies the bean class to be used to create the bean.
  

#### Name/id 

- This attribute specifies the bean identifier uniquely.
- In XMLbased configuration metadata, you use the id and/or name attributes to specify the bean identifier(s). 

#### scope 
- This attribute specifies the scope of the objects created from a particular bean definition and it will be discussed in bean scopes chapter. 

#### constructor-arg 

This is used to inject the dependencies .  

#### properties 

- This is used to inject the dependencies 

#### autowiring mode 

- This is used to inject the dependencies 

#### lazy-initialization mode 

- A lazy-initialized bean tells the IoC container to create a bean instance when it is first requested, rather than at the startup. 
- Eager initialization: by default its eager. Creating objects at start.

#### initialization method

- A callback to be called just after all necessary properties on the bean have been set by the container.

#### destruction method 

- A callback to be used when the container containing the bean is destroyed.  



